1.	Newspaper 
a.	We are a newspaper deciding if we need to make cuts to our staff or not.  On a normal day, reporters write articles for each issue of the paper before sending it to their editors.  The editors edit it and send it to the formatters who put the paper together.  Finally, the paper is sent to the printers and then sent to homes by newspaper delivery drivers.  The first table shows the different subscription levels (daily paper, Sunday paper, etc.)  and how much they cost.  This table was created to show how much money is being made from the different subscriptions.  The table’s entity is the subscription level and the cost is the attribute.  The relationship is one-to-one.  Constraints on this table are on the cost of each subscription, the cheapest subscription is $15 and the most expensive is $50.  The second table shows how many employees work in each job and how much their average salary is (reporter, editor).  This table was created to see how much money is going to the employees and where there are too many.  The job type is the entity and the number of employees and average salary are the attributes.  The job type and number of employees have a one-to-many relationship and the job type to average salary is one-to-one.  Constraints on this table are in place for the average salary because it can’t be too high or low and on the number of employees because none of the jobs are going to have large number of employees.  This table can be used to ascertain how much money is going to employees.  The third table shows the different ad purchasing options and how much they cost.  This table was created to find how much money the company could be making from each ad when referenced to other tables.  The entity is the ad type and the attribute is how much it costs in a one-to-one relationship.  There are constraints on the cost so that no ad is too much or little money.  The fourth table shows how many ads are purchased on average each day of the week and how much money is made from them on average.  This table was made to help find the profit coming in from ads each week.  The day of the week is the entity and the number of ads on average and the profit on average are the attributes.  The day and the number of ads have a one-to-many relationship and the day and amount of money are one-to-one.  Constraints are on how many ads and the average profit because neither should be too high.  Finally, the real-time table will show how many subscribers there currently are and how many subscribers there are in each subscription type.  This table was created to show the real-time subscriber count and how much money is being made from the subscription types.  The entity is the subscribers and the subscription type is the attribute. The relationship is one-to-one. The constraint will be on how many subscribers there are.  The end goal is to see if the newspaper is making more profit than it is losing by using the total ad revenue and the real-time tables to determine profit and the employee wages to determine cost. 

2.	Movie Theater
a.	We are a movie theater trying to find which genre of movies are the most popular.  We are trying to figure out which movies we should show in our theater to bring in the most profit.  On an average day, workers are at the ticket booth selling tickets, snack stand selling snacks, and cleaning theaters.  The theater is a small theater so it only has 8 viewing rooms for movies.  Our first table will show the different types of tickets (ie children, students) and their costs.  This will be helpful to reference later when we are examining which tickets are bought for movies.  The type of ticket will be the entity and the cost will be the attribute, this is a one-to-one relationship.  There will be constraints on the ticket costs to make sure they are not too expensive.   The second table will show the current movies in the theater and their primary genres (ie horror, thriller, kids).  This table will be helpful for referencing later when we are examining which movies tickets were bought for.  The entity is the movie and the attribute is the genre with a one-to-one relationship.  The constraint on this table will be the number of movies playing in the theater since the theater can only have 12 movies at a time.  The third table shows the average amount of theatergoers each day of the week.  The entity for this table is the days of the week and the attribute is the number of theatergoers with a one-to-many relationship.  There is a constraint on the number of theatergoers since there can never be too many.  The fourth table shows how many employees work at each spot and their average salary (ie 5 snack bar employees).  The entity is the job and the attributes are the number of employees and the average salary with number of employees being one-to-many relationship and job and average salary being one-to-one.  There is a constraint on this table on the number of employees since the theater can only afford 20 employees.  The fifth table will be a real-time table that will show the name of the customer, the movie they were seeing, and the type of ticket they bought.  We can reference other tables with this to find which genre is making the most money.  The entity is the customer and the attributes are the movie and type of ticket.  The customer and movie are a one-to-one relationship and the customer and the ticket type are a one-to-one relationship.  The first constraint on this table is on the movie because it has to be a movie on the previous table about movies in the theater.  The second constraint is on the ticket type since it must be a type specified on the previous table.  We will use the data from the real-time movie genre table as well as the real-time ticket purchase table.  We will also be using the table that shows the types of tickets that are sold.  This data will be used to find which genre is the most profitable to show more movies of that genre. 

3.	Apple 
a.	We are Apple trying to figure out if we are making too few or too many of each type of phone.   In our first table, we will show the different phones that are being produced and the price for each.  This will give us a baseline view of which phones are being made.  The types of phones will be the entity and the price of the phones is the attribute in a one-to-one relationship.  The constraints will be on the types of phones since there won’t be any being made that are old.  There will also be a constraint on the price so that it is not too cheap or expensive.  In the second table, we will list each country with factories in it and show how many factories are in each.  The country will be the entity and the number of factories the attribute in a one-to-many relationship.  The constraint will be on the number of factories so that there aren’t too many in any one country.  For the third table, we will show how much it costs to make each type of phone.  This will help us determine the expense of making the phones.  The type of phone will be the entity and the cost to make it will be the attribute in a one-to-one relationship.  There will be a constraint on the type of phone since the type must be on the previous table about phone types.  A constraint will also be on the production cost, so it is not too high or low.  For the fourth table, we will examine on average how many of each type of phone are made per day.  This will allow us to see how many of each type phone is being produced, and we can reference other tables to see how much it costs to make the number of phones that are being made.  The entity will be the type of phone and the attributes are the average made in a day.  The relationship is one-to-many.  Constraints will be on type of phone since it must be one previously referenced, and the number of phones made because it can’t be too many. Finally, in the real-time table, we will see customers purchases and which phone they got.  The entity on this table will be the type of phone being bought and the attribute the type of phone with a one-to-many relationship.  The constraint is that the type must be one previously referenced in another table.  Using the Real-time table, the table showing how much each phone costs to produce, and the phone price table we will be able to determine if a profit is being made on each phone or not.  If a profit is not being made, then we will be able to see which phones we should slow down production because of the real-time table showing how many of each phone has been sold.  This way we can make Apple a more profitable business.  
