                                                            Movie Theater
We are a movie theater trying to find which genre of movies are the most popular.  We are trying to figure out which movies we should show 
in our theater to bring in the most profit.  On an average day, workers are at the ticket booth selling tickets, snack stand selling 
snacks, and in the theaters cleaning.  The theater is small so it only has 8 viewing rooms for movies.  Our first table will show the 
different types of tickets (ie children, students) and their costs.  This will be helpful to reference later when we are examining what
tickets are bought for movies.  The type of ticket will be the entity and the cost will be the attribute, this is a one-to-one
relationship.  There will be constraints on the ticket costs to make sure they are not too expensive, the cheapest being $5 and the most
expensive $15.   The second table will be a real-time table and will show the current movies in the theater and their primary genres 
(ie horror, thriller, kids).  This table will be helpful for referencing later when we are examining which movies tickets were bought for.
The entity is the movie and the attribute is the genre with a one-to-one relationship.  The constraint on this table will be the number of
movies playing in the theater since the theater can only have 12 movies at a time.  The third table shows the average amount of 
theatergoers each day of the week.  The entity for this table is the days of the week and the attribute is the number of theatergoers with
a one-to-many relationship.  There is a constraint on the number of theatergoers since there are never more than 3,000 theater goers on 
the busiest day.  The fourth table shows how many employees work at each spot and their average salary (ie 5 snack bar employees).  The 
entity is the job and the attributes are the number of employees and the average salary with number of employees being one-to-many 
relationship and job and average salary being one-to-one.  There is a constraint on this table on the number of employees since the 
theater can only afford 20 employees.  There is also a constraint on the average salary for each job.  Most of the jobs pay at most $13 an
hour with manager being the only exception.  Most jobs also have a minimum pay of $10 an hour.  The fifth table will be another real-time 
table that will show the name of the customer, the movie they were seeing, and the type of ticket they bought.  We can reference other 
tables with this to find which genre is making the most money.  The entity is the customer and the attributes are the movie and type of
ticket.  The customer and movie are a one-to-one relationship and the customer and the ticket type are a one-to-one relationship.  The
first constraint on this table is on the movie because it has to be a movie currently in the theater that is listed on the genre table. 
The second constraint is on the ticket type since it must be a type specified on the ticket type table.  We will use the data from the
real-time movie genre table as well as the real-time ticket purchase table.  We will also be using the table that shows the types of 
tickets that are sold.  This data will be used to find which genre is the most profitable to show more movies of that genre.  As can be
seen in the diagram below the three important tables are the ticket table, the genre table, and tickets purchased table.  The ticket type
table will give us the different types of tickets and their costs.  When looking at the tickets purchased table we can use the ticket type
table to find the costs of the tickets being purchased.  The genre table gives us the primary genre of movies in the theater.  When using
the tickets purchased table we can reference the genre table to find out the genres of  movies that customers are purchasing tickets for. 
After amassing the information from these three tables we should be able to have a strong idea of which genres do the best.








